This is honest advice for content
creators and business owners who want to
grow on social media in 2026. In this
episode, I'm going to be sharing with
you nine things that I wish I could go
back a decade ago and tell myself
because a decade ago was when I was
first getting started owning a small
business. My first small business was
helping moms keep their kids safe on
Snapchat. It was an online course that
was filmed entirely on my phone with a
cheap $10 microphone that I bought off
Amazon in a rented out room at the local
library. It was a business that was born
out of necessity and a little bit of
desperation. At that time, I was a
college football player and I just
didn't have the time to work a 9 to-5.
But I wanted to create financial
independence for myself. I wanted to cut
the financial umbilical cord and take
the silver spoon out of my mouth. I
wanted to be able to provide for myself
and take care of my friends and my loved
ones like my parents had taken care of
me for my entire life up until that
point. And I'm so thankful that young
Brock started that business. But I'm
also so thankful that I'm doing
something vastly different today because
I'm not teaching parents how to keep
their kids safe on Snapchat anymore. I'm
teaching people just like you, small
business owners, content creators,
brands, influencers, how to grow their
following and make money on social
media. So, by the way, I do want to
quickly ask you to subscribe because
every single week on this podcast, I put
out a new episode doing exactly what I
just said, helping you figure out the
latest trends, strategies, and
techniques to see a real difference in
the least amount of time possible. Some
of the following nine lessons that I'm
going to share with you are going to be
surprising. They're things that might
catch you off guard, things that you
might disagree with, and there are going
to be things that you have probably
heard 50 million times, things that are
cliche. And just because something is
cliche doesn't mean that it is false. In
fact, I would say usually if something
is cliche, it is extra true. And the
reason that you're hearing it is because
you need to hear it. The reason that
you're hearing it over and over and over
again is that it's something that truly
matters. It's something that's truly
going to make a difference. It's
something that you truly need to soak
up. So, if you hear something today and
you're like, "Really, this is one of the
lessons that he's sharing?" Yes, it is.
And I hope that I can tattoo it onto
your brain because while it is cliche,
it is something you need to hear. And
one last final thing before we get into
these nine lessons. And I absolutely
hate this part. Like I honestly do. I
hate this part of public speaking and
YouTube videos where I have to tell you
like what I'm known for. I have to tell
you like my credentials because this
just feels like ego stroking. And so I
genuinely hate what I'm about to say.
But I have a track record. I have grown
over 1 million followers across all of
the platforms. I'm actually about to
cross 1 million followers on Instagram
alone. I've built a sevenfigure business
and now have a staff of over 25 people.
I've spoken on stages around the world.
I've gotten to interview some really
cool people and I've gotten to do some
really kick-ass stuff. Okay, enough of
that. Let's get into number one. The
first lesson that I want to teach you,
the first thing that you need to hear is
that quantity is more important than
quality. Now, now, no, now before you
click away from this episode, let me
explain what I mean by that. I think
that your focus should be on quantity.
Quality absolutely matters. Whether it
is the products that you are creating,
whether it is the things that you're
putting out, the content that you're
posting, the podcast episodes you're
uploading, whatever. Quality absolutely
matters. And I would never in a million
years encourage you to intentionally
lower your quality. I would never
encourage you to intentionally post
[__] But what I am going to tell you to
do is to focus on quantity. To say it
another way, a way that you have likely
heard 50 million times since you were
six years old, practice makes progress.
We are pretty much all familiar with the
idea that in sports, practice is what
makes you better. Of course, there used
to be the expression practice makes
perfect, and now it's kind of been
rebranded to practice makes progress
because perfect isn't the goal. And I
digress. We all pretty much agree, if
you want to become a better basketball
player, you should shoot the basketball
more often. If you want to become a
better painter, you should paint more
paintings. If you want to become a
better photographer, you should go out
and take more photos. But then when it
comes to content creation or owning a
business or showing up online, we
suddenly flip the narrative. We change
the entire rules and we decide that no,
we shouldn't practice. We should never
fail. Every single post we make needs to
be perfect. Feck perfection. And you can
figure out what I'm actually saying
there. Stop trying to make perfect
posts. Stop overanalyzing. Stop
overthinking. Stop over critiquing every
single thing that you make. and instead
put it out into the world. Let the world
be the judge. If it performs well,
great. Why? If it didn't perform well,
great. Why did it not perform well?
Ultimately, you are always going to be a
horrible judge of anything that you
create. Because anything that you
create, you're too close to it. Your own
ego is involved. So, in order to get a
real assessment of whether or not your
post is a good post, your podcast is a
good podcast, your product is a good
product that is worth buying, put it out
into the world, and let the world be the
judge. There was once this university
art professor, I believe he was a
ceramics professor. And at the beginning
of the semester, he decided to split his
class in half. He told one half of the
class, let's call them group A, that
their goal for the quarter was to create
10 perfect works. Their grade would be
based off the quality of their final
submissions. And so they were instructed
to spend the entire quarter creating
their 10 absolute best works and then
submitting those for a grade at the end
of the semester. The other group, let's
call them group B, was told that they
would not be graded on the quality of
their submissions, but instead on the
quantity, the total number of works,
pieces of ceramic, pieces of art that
they could create during that quarter.
Basically, they were told, "Hey, I don't
care what you make. I just want you to
make as much as possible. When it got to
the end of the semester, both groups
were graded. And you can guess where
this is going. Group B absolutely
smashed group A. Did group B have some
broken vases, some horrible fails, some
absolutely terrible experiments gone
wrong? Yeah, absolutely. But their
overall quality was far superior to
group A. Even though group A was only
focused on quality and group A was only
going to be graded on quality, group B
who was told to focus on quantity ended
up with the better quality. So if you
want to make a great reel, if you want
to make a great post, if you want to go
viral, if you want to grow on social
media, focus on quantity. The way that
you make a great post is you make 300
really shitty posts, but you improve one
little thing about each post. And then
before you know it, your 300th post is
pretty dang good. And you have no idea
how you even got there. I'll tell you
how you got there. You failed 299 times
before it. You are always going to suck
at first. Your first pieces of content
are going to be horrible. Your first
business idea is going to be bad. Your
first email that you ever write is going
to be terrible. But you have to do the
first thing that sucks in order to get
to the thing that is eventually really
good. Piece of advice number two. When
you are first getting started, don't
chase your dreams, chase the bag. And I
know this is another one that might
sound confusing. It might be a little
bit contradictory to what you hear from
many other people, but I believe that
when you are first getting started in
online business, instead of searching
for something that is going to fill up
your soul and something that is your
true calling and your purpose and your
passion, do something that's going to
pay the bills. Do something that's going
to put money in your pocket, that's
going to put food on the table. And then
you can learn skills that you could
apply to your purpose to your passion in
the future or things that could fund
your purpose and your passion so that
your purpose and your passion can exist
outside of profit. It's something that
you can do just for fun and you don't
have to worry about it also being
something to make money. As I told you,
my first business was helping moms keep
their teens safe on Snapchat. That was
something that I was good at. That was
something that I knew there was a market
for and that was something that I knew I
could do relatively easily. It's
something that I could use and something
that I did use to pay the bills. Now,
what I'm currently doing, helping people
like you grow on social media, is more
aligned with something that truly brings
me joy, something that truly fills up my
cup. But I got to tell you, I have a lot
more fun snowboarding than I do making
reals. I have not monetized snowboarding
at all. I don't plan to monetize
snowboarding, but my job, what I'm
currently doing right now, funds the fun
stuff. It funds the snowboarding trip.
And so, if you're someone who can get
paid for doing what you absolutely love
and it's easy to get paid and there's a
market for it, sure, go for it. But when
you're first getting started, if that's
not obviously the case for you, I
honestly think that you are going to
have more success and more fun and more
long-term return on investment and
you're actually going to get to do the
stuff that is your purpose or is your
passion a lot faster if at the initial
stage you're focused on the profits.
There's another really popular term in
product development called MVP, minimum
viable product. It's basically this idea
that when you're first creating your
rough draft or your first version of
your post, your first version of your
product, you create the easiest, lowest
barrier, most rough, ideal prototype
that you possibly can. Basically, you
just want to get something in front of
people. Kind of going back to advice
number one, you just want to get
something in front of people so that
they can be the judge. They can be the
deciding factor. And similarly, I don't
think that you need to put so much
pressure on your first product feeling
like it needs to fulfill your purpose or
your passion or it needs to be like the
most soul aligned, heart centered thing.
I think it can be something that you're
good at, something that there is a
market for, and something that people
would be willing to buy. Now, I'm not
telling you that you need to sell your
soul. You need to do something that you
hate. Do something that you can
tolerate. Do something that you like.
But it ultimately doesn't need to be
like that number one magical thing that
you love and that you plan on doing for
the next 70 years. Advice number three
is a little bit more tactical and it is
don't rely on the platform to pay you.
The only platform where I really think
that you can make a living off of just
posting on the platform and nothing else
is YouTube. But that takes years. It
takes hundreds of thousands of
subscribers and tens of millions of
monthly views in order to earn a
full-time income from YouTube. Those are
just the facts. My shirt says it. Facts
are facts. Don't rely on Instagram to
pay you. Instagram doesn't even pay most
people. Like 95% of creators, I think
it's actually like 99% of creators will
never receive a penny from Instagram.
Tik Tok pays a little bit better than
Instagram, a little bit worse than
YouTube. But still, I would not rely on
YouTube paying you for the views that
you are getting on the platform. I want
you to think about even your favorite
creators on the planet, your favorite
influencers, the biggest YouTubers, the
people with the biggest followings that
you can think of. Even the Mr. Beasts of
the world, even Mr. Beast himself
ultimately does not just rely on the
platform to pay his bills. Yes, Mr.
Beast is literally earning millions of
dollars per month from YouTube. But even
him, he has his own business with
Fastables and with Beast Games and all
these other collaborations he's doing.
Every single highle creator that you can
think of is also a business owner.
Because at the end of the day, if you
are purely a creator hoping that these
platforms like Instagram, Meta,
Facebook, Tik Tok, YouTube, whatever are
going to pay you, then you're not an
entrepreneur. You are an employee of
these platforms. And instead of having a
contract and a nineto-ive job that you
clock in and clock out of, you're
creating content and just hoping that
these platforms are going to pay you
fairly, which they're not. So instead, I
want you to consider other sources of
income, other streams of income, such as
affiliate marketing. When you are first
getting started, I am a huge fan of
affiliate marketing. And affiliate
marketing is basically where you can
promote someone else's product and then
when you make a sale of said product,
you get a commission. Almost every
platform, every business, every brand
has some form of of affiliate marketing.
And even if they don't, Amazon has
what's called Amazon Associates, which
is basically you can become an affiliate
for any product on Amazon. And since
pretty much every product on the planet
is on Amazon, boom, you can basically be
an affiliate for almost any product.
It's a great way to practice selling.
It's a great way to introduce your
audience to what it's like to be sold to
by you. And in the future when you move
on to another stream of income such as
brand deals, you can tell these brands,
hey brand, in the past, I was an
affiliate for this product and I made
this post and it got this many views and
made this many sales and so you as the
brand, you better pay me x amount of
money. Like I was just saying, the
second way that you can earn an income
outside of affiliate marketing is brand
deals. Brand deals is essentially where
a brand or company will pay you or
sponsor you to make posts for them.
Similar to that, but slightly different
is what's called UGC or usergenerated
content. UGC is where a brand is paying
you to create content for them, but
rather than posting it on your own feed
for your own audience, basically instead
of advertising the brand to your
followers, you are just creating the
advertisement and then giving it to the
brand so that they can use it on their
page in their ads or whatever. And then
last but not least, my favorite way to
monetize your audience and to make money
as a content creator or business owner
is to create something that you own.
Whether it's a physical product or a
digital product, whether it is a
physical service or a digital service,
providing something that you own is
ultimately what it takes to be a
business owner and to pay the bills with
this whole content creation thing. Oh
yeah, and one more thing before we move
on to the fourth piece of advice.
Honestly, this last thing could have
been its entirely own piece of advice.
This last thing probably could have been
the entire episode. If you take nothing
else away from this episode, I hope it's
this right here. Start a flipping email
list. You absolutely need an email list.
I'm a firm believer that if you do not
have an email list, you do not have a
business. So, please use standtore, use
highlevel, use whatever platform you
prefer, use kajjabi, use whatever to
start your email list. You need to start
an email list if you want to be a
successful online business owner. Piece
of advice number four is to ask the
question who, not how. We have been
trained almost our entire lives to ask
how. How do I get more followers? How do
I get more views? How do I start my
email list? How do I make more sales?
How? How? How? When instead, I think we
need to get in the habit of asking who.
Who has done this before me? Who could
help me do this more efficiently? Who
could I employ to do this on my behalf?
Who could I ask this question to? Asking
the question who and not how will
accelerate your growth and will make
this whole online business thing so much
more easier and more efficient. There's
a great book on this topic called Who
Not How. I highly recommend reading it.
The book will walk you through a lot of
very helpful mindset shifts and helpful
strategies that you can use, but
generally speaking, I want you to get in
the practice of outsourcing, which means
hiring help. One of the best things that
I did as a business owner was when I was
six months into owning that first
business, the Snapchat course thing, and
I hired an assistant. I hired an
assistant because I had all these
mentors telling me, "You need to hire
help. You need to start outsourcing. You
need to get an assistant." I hired this
assistant and I honestly like had no
idea what to have her do. I was paying
her, but I was like, "I don't even know
what you should be doing for me." So, I
had her like checking my emails for a
couple minutes every day, but I was also
19 at the time, so like how many emails
was I really getting? And I had her
doing some like random research and side
projects here or there. In that first
month after hiring her, I made double
what I had in the first six months of my
business, the six months prior to hiring
her. And it wasn't, like I said,
necessarily because she was bringing in
a bunch of new clients or because she
was really a differencemaker for the
business. No offense to her. It was
because I suddenly had help. I suddenly
had all these little things that I
didn't have to worry about. I suddenly
had someone else who I was responsible
for. If I didn't follow through on
something, I didn't just have to look
myself in the mirror. I had to look her
in the mirror. So outsource and hire
help. There are lots of really creative
ways that you can do it for trades, for
swaps, do it in ways that are not going
to break the bank, that are going to be
more affordable. In addition to hiring
help, I mentioned a moment ago that I
had mentors. Hire mentors. hire coaches,
join courses, watch podcasts and YouTube
videos just like this one right here. I
do want to caution you to actually
implement what you're learning. So, as
you are learning from today's episode,
if you ever hire a coach, if you ever
join the Insta Club or some online
course, implement what you are learning,
don't just be a lifelong learner, be a
lifelong implementer. But hiring coaches
and mentors and help people who have
done what you want to do already and
paying them for their knowledge will
ultimately save you a lot of time,
energy, and headaches along the way. And
it will allow you to get to their level
so much quicker than if you were just
trying to figure it out on your own. And
you are absolutely in luck because one
of the best ways that you can outsource
today is with artificial intelligence.
Whether it's just an AI chatbot or a
full AI agent, that wasn't an option to
me in 2016. And so you have a leg up.
you are starting ahead of where I
started back then because you have the
ability to use these tools that might
cost you $19 a month that can do a lot
of the routine habitual or nitty-gritty
tasks that maybe you don't like doing or
you suck at. Now, like I said, when I
was 19 was when I created that Snapchat
course. But even before that, like my
whole life growing up, I had been
starting little bitty businesses here
and there. I've been selling things.
I've been coming up with inventions and
just trying to find ways to creatively
make money as a literal elementary
school kid. And the very first step into
online business that I ever took was
after I got a book for Christmas that
was about different creative ways that
you could tie people's shoes and not
just like the actual knots, but like
actually like weaving the shoelaces and
creating patterns and designs. And I
really enjoyed doing that. And so I
started a business back in third grade
that was called Lace My Kicks. Lace My
Kicks even had its own website where I
would advertise and tell people that
they could send me their shoes and for I
think it was $20, I would lace up their
kicks. I would tie their shoes in a a
unique way of their design with their
color laces of choice and then send it
back to them. I never actually got any
customers, but I did have a website
designed. And I remember that as a third
grader, I had no idea how to build a
website, but my mom was like, "Well, you
should hire a website designer to build
the website for you." And so I ended up
spending $300. It was like my entire
birthday money plus 3 years of
allowances. And I paid that to a graphic
designer, a website designer to build
the website for me. And it still took
her about 2 or 3 months to build it. So
it took about 90 days and $300 to have
this customuilt website. And mind you,
this was about 20 years ago before AI
and all these amazing tools that we have
today. The fifth thing that I need to
tell you is that it takes time. Oh my
goodness, can you please be patient? It
is wild to me the expectations that some
people have around their growth and the
magical mystical dream timeline that
they have set up in their brain. And if
they don't have x number of followers or
x number of dollars or x number of sales
by x date, then they're a failure. Oh my
gosh, there is no timeline. And I
understand why. It's because there are
all these people on social media telling
you that they made $30,000 their first
month in business. They went viral with
their first ever post. They blew up
overnight. You know what the crazy thing
about overnight success is? It almost
never happens overnight. Overnight
success is almost always the result of
months, if not years, if not decades, of
work behind the scenes. work that is
sometimes called lonely work or shadow
work because it's done when nobody's
watching. It's done when people don't
know your name, when they don't know
your content, when they don't know your
business. On my Instagram recently, I
was talking about a study that we did of
our Insta Club hub members. And we found
that our average engaged member grew by
15,947
followers per year. And someone messaged
me and they said, "Only 15,000 per
year?" And I was like, "I'm I'm sorry,
what?" And they said, "Shouldn't it be
15,000 a month?" And I was like, "You
think that the average person should be
growing at 15,000 followers per month?"
And they said, "Well, do you think it's
realistic to grow a 100,000 followers a
month?" And I was like, "Oh my gosh, I
feel so bad for this person." Because
while it's possible to grow a 100,000
followers in a month, it's extremely
unrealistic. It's extremely unlikely.
The average Instagram business account
grows about 8% per month. 8%. That means
if your Instagram has a thousand
followers, the average growth that
you'll see is about 80 new followers per
month. I give you that as a baseline,
but I don't even want you to compare
yourself to that number because maybe
you're growing 40 followers a month.
Maybe you're losing followers every
month. I don't want you to compare
because growth takes time and the
timeline and journey that you are on is
separate and distinct and totally unique
from anyone else out there. So, while
overnight growth is possible, while
going viral and having fast success is
doable, these things are not the norm.
Social media has made us expect that
these things are going to happen
quickly. They're not. So, embrace that
it's going to suck. Embrace that it's
going to take a long time. Embrace that
whatever it is that you're going to be
doing, you're going to be doing it for
not just months, but probably years, if
not decades. Buckle up. Before we move
on to number six, I want to tell you
that everything I'm saying in this
episode, I'm saying with love. I am not
saying because I think I'm better than
you. I'm not saying because I think I
know more than you. I think as
entrepreneurs it is not our job to have
all the answers, but rather to ask all
of the questions. And so in this
episode, while my words might be coming
across a little bit more harsh or
aggressive than I normally do, I hope
you know it's coming from a good place.
It's coming from a place that I
genuinely want to help you. I genuinely
want to see you win, and I genuinely
want you to experience less stress on
the daily. With all that being said,
number six, please get over yourself.
And I know that sounds harsh, but having
a big ego is going to kill your business
because having a big ego is going to
make you think that you have all the
answers. You know everything to do. You
know the best decisions to make. You
know what makes a good post and you're
not willing to listen to your audience's
feedback. You're not willing to accept
that that reel that you spent 3 hours
editing didn't perform well because it
just wasn't very good. So, please leave
your ego at the door. Leaving your ego
at the door and getting over yourself
will also allow you to rewatch your
content. I believe that re-watching your
content is helpful. Now, not re-watching
it 50 million times before you post it.
We've talked about that. But re-watching
it after you've posted it. Listen, when
you first get started in
entrepreneurship and creating content,
you're not going to want to listen to
yourself because you're going to hate
the way you sound on camera. You're
going to hate the way your voice sounds.
They're going to hate the way you look.
That's normal. We all do. I used to hate
the sound of my voice on camera. But
I've relisted to enough of my own
podcasts. I've re-watched enough of my
own YouTube videos. I've heard myself
talk for hours and hours and hours. So
now I'm numb to it. It does. I can I can
agree that my voice on camera sounds
different than how I hear it in my head.
But that's something that doesn't affect
me anymore. It's something that doesn't
make me cringe. Speaking of cringe, who
cares if you're cringe? If someone calls
you cringe, you might be cringe, but
they're mean and that's worse. So,
embrace being cringe. Embrace being
imperfect. Embrace making mistakes. We
all go on social media looking for
people who are genuine, who are
authentic, who are raw, real, and
imperfect. And yet, when we go to make
content ourselves, we suddenly think
that we can't be those things. We need
to be polished and perfected. We can't
be cringed. We need to be buttoned up
and professional and look like we have
it all together. No, that is absolutely
not true. Be the kind of content creator
who you want to consume content from. Be
the kind of business owner who you want
to follow on social media. Who cares
about being cringe? Be you. Make
mistakes, have flaws, be imperfect, and
show up online anyways because your
future self will thank you for it and
your current followers will thank you
for it. And then one quick little
sidebar that will help you is don't ever
read the comments. I mean, if a post is
going viral, if it's reaching a lot of
people, definitely do not read the
comments. It's okay to read the comments
if you're getting like three or four
comments on your posts, but don't read
comments on your viral posts. Don't look
at Reddit. Don't read forums about
yourself. Don't read the reviews. Stay
away from that crap. Focus on what your
real circle, your friends and family,
the people whose opinions of you
actually matter, rather than digging
through the internet looking for the
opinions from strangers who saw one 3se
secondond clip that was taken out of
context. Do not go looking for that
stuff. And if you happen to see it, look
away. Don't deep dive. Don't go through
the person's profile. Block them. Move
on. Do something else to forget about
it. And your mental health will be a
whole heck of a lot better. Number seven
is to stay in your lane. A few times
today, I've talked about comparison.
Comparison is the thief of joy. Such a
famous cliche, but it absolutely is
true. So, stop comparing yourself to
others. And one of the easy ways that
you can compare yourself to others is by
following them and keeping up with them
on social media, watching their stories,
watching their highlight reels of posts
that they're making about the magical
life that they're living and the crazy
vacation they went on and how much money
they made. Unfollow those people. Block
those people. Mute those people. Stop
consuming that kind of content. If when
you go on social media, the content that
you are consuming makes you feel worse
about yourself. If it makes you feel
like you need to be hustling harder,
like you need to be neglecting the
things that actually matter to you. If
it makes it feel like you need to be uh
changing your priorities in life and
neglecting or denying the boundaries
that you have set in place that are
healthy and helpful. If that is the kind
of content that you're seeing or
following, block, mute, disable,
unfollow, whatever you got to do to stay
away from that stuff. When you are
constantly in a place of consuming other
people's content, it makes it a lot
tougher for you to create from a place
of genuine authenticity. The more
consuming you do, the tougher it will be
to create. So, stop over consuming and
definitely stop consuming the stuff that
makes you feel worse about yourself. And
speaking of the content that we consume,
and this one is going to be a little bit
of a hot take, do not expect your
friends and family to support you. It
would be awesome if they did. Be happy
and grateful when they do. You can hope
that they're going to support you, but
don't expect them to because that's
going to lead to resentment. They signed
up to be your friend or maybe they were
born into your family by blood. And
while sure you could say, "Well, a good
friend would support me in my business
no matter what I'm doing," maybe they're
not interested in that product. And for
you as a business owner, do you really
want a business that is 100% supported
because of friends and family? No, you
don't. You want to build a big business,
a business that pays the bills. You
don't want a business that only exists
because your grandma and your aunt and
your best friend from high school are
paying you every month. I promise if you
can stop focusing on the lack of support
from your friends and family, you will
start to find people in this online
space who will support you. People who
are in maybe a similar niche or they
also follow you on Instagram or they're
going to become a customer or whatever
and they're going to become your
supporters. They're going to be your
biggest fans and they're going to become
your friends. There are so many
beautiful relationships that I have
formed because of this business. And to
be totally honest with y'all, I don't
think I've ever had a friend become a
customer. I don't think I've ever had a
family member purchase something from
me. I don't expect them to do so. I
don't get mad at them at the
Thanksgiving dinner table because they
didn't buy my latest course. If they do
bring it up, if they do have questions,
if they do want to support or if they do
want to learn more, sure, I'll tell them
about my business. But I know that at
the end of the day, friends and family
are friends and family, and other people
are the fans and customers. Speaking of
friends and family, I think there's a
difference between not supporting by not
becoming a customer, like not paying or
or not following you or maybe even not
engaging with your posts and actively
talking [__] actively being a hater,
actively belittling your dreams and
causing you to not believe in yourself.
Big difference between those two. I
think that if someone doesn't buy
something, they could still be your
friend. But if they don't buy something
and they're actively talking negatively
about your business or telling you that
you shouldn't chase your dreams, that
person is not a friend and so they need
to be cut off. If that person is a
family member, they need to be cut off,
too. But this brings me to piece of
advice number eight, which is that you
need to believe in yourself. Because if
you won't believe in yourself, no one
else will. I think that it's very
powerful to surround yourself with a
small group of people who do believe in
you, who do cheer you on, and who do
hype you up, even if they're not
necessarily buying or liking every post,
just in general, people who support your
dreams and who uh are enthusiastic and
optimistic about what it is you're
doing, that is important. But even if
you don't have those people, I want you
to believe in yourself. You have to
believe in yourself. The person who
believes they can and the person who
believes that they cannot are both
usually correct. So please believe in
yourself. Have an unwavering optimism
and self-belief that what you dream of,
the goals you set out to achieve, you
will achieve and that they are possible.
And then finally, the ninth piece of
advice that I want to leave you with is
to focus on the audience rather than the
algorithms. These algorithms are so dang
annoying. They change all the time. And
yes, I will always be here to update you
as they continue to change and as there
are new best practices and strategies
and rules and dos and don'ts. But
ultimately, I need you to focus on the
audience. The audience is the people who
will become your customers, the people
who will become your fans, the people
who will become your loyal supporters.
And so, rather than catering to some
robotic math equation that determines
your success and failure, I want you to
put the people first. Ultimately,
marketing is way more about human
psychology than it is about sales
strategies. It's way more about
understanding the person on the other
side of the phone, the person who's
watching your podcast, the person who's
consuming your reels, the person who
might be buying your product, rather
than understanding some quick tips and
some marketing lingo and the latest
sales page strategies and the latest
hacks to get more views on your
episodes. Instead, I want you to focus
on the user experience. I want you to
focus on the psychology. I want you to
focus on empathizing with your audience,
the pain points that they're struggling
with, the challenges that they face, and
the goals that they want to achieve. If
you do that, and if you do the other
eight things that I mentioned today, you
will have success on social media. It
might not be in 2026. It might not be in
2027. It probably won't happen
immediately, but it will happen
eventually and definitely. Thank you so
much for listening today and as always
happy networking.